# BalanceSheet

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**RemoteId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The third-party API ID of the matching object. | [optional] 
**RemoteData** | Pointer to [**[]RemoteData**](RemoteData.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The balance sheet&#39;s name. | [optional] 
**Currency** | Pointer to [**NullableCurrencyEnum**](CurrencyEnum.md) | The balance sheet&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**Company** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The company the balance sheet belongs to. | [optional] 
**Date** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | The balance sheet&#39;s date. The balance sheet data will reflect the company&#39;s financial position this point in time. | [optional] 
**NetAssets** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | The balance sheet&#39;s net assets. | [optional] 
**Assets** | Pointer to [**[]ReportItem**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Liabilities** | Pointer to [**[]ReportItem**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Equity** | Pointer to [**[]ReportItem**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**RemoteGeneratedAt** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | The time that balance sheet was generated by the accounting system. | [optional] 
**RemoteWasDeleted** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether or not this object has been deleted by third party webhooks. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FieldMappings** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewBalanceSheet

`func NewBalanceSheet() *BalanceSheet`

NewBalanceSheet instantiates a new BalanceSheet object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewBalanceSheetWithDefaults

`func NewBalanceSheetWithDefaults() *BalanceSheet`

NewBalanceSheetWithDefaults instantiates a new BalanceSheet object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRemoteId

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteId() string`

GetRemoteId returns the RemoteId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRemoteIdOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRemoteIdOk returns a tuple with the RemoteId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRemoteId

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteId(v string)`

SetRemoteId sets RemoteId field to given value.

### HasRemoteId

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasRemoteId() bool`

HasRemoteId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRemoteIdNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteIdNil(b bool)`

 SetRemoteIdNil sets the value for RemoteId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRemoteId
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetRemoteId()`

UnsetRemoteId ensures that no value is present for RemoteId, not even an explicit nil
### GetRemoteData

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteData() []RemoteData`

GetRemoteData returns the RemoteData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRemoteDataOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteDataOk() (*[]RemoteData, bool)`

GetRemoteDataOk returns a tuple with the RemoteData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRemoteData

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteData(v []RemoteData)`

SetRemoteData sets RemoteData field to given value.

### HasRemoteData

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasRemoteData() bool`

HasRemoteData returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRemoteDataNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteDataNil(b bool)`

 SetRemoteDataNil sets the value for RemoteData to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRemoteData
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetRemoteData()`

UnsetRemoteData ensures that no value is present for RemoteData, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNameNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetNameNil(b bool)`

 SetNameNil sets the value for Name to be an explicit nil

### UnsetName
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetName()`

UnsetName ensures that no value is present for Name, not even an explicit nil
### GetCurrency

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetCurrency() CurrencyEnum`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetCurrencyOk() (*CurrencyEnum, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetCurrency(v CurrencyEnum)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCurrencyNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetCurrencyNil(b bool)`

 SetCurrencyNil sets the value for Currency to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCurrency
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetCurrency()`

UnsetCurrency ensures that no value is present for Currency, not even an explicit nil
### GetCompany

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetCompany() string`

GetCompany returns the Company field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompanyOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetCompanyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCompanyOk returns a tuple with the Company field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompany

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetCompany(v string)`

SetCompany sets Company field to given value.

### HasCompany

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasCompany() bool`

HasCompany returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCompanyNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetCompanyNil(b bool)`

 SetCompanyNil sets the value for Company to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCompany
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetCompany()`

UnsetCompany ensures that no value is present for Company, not even an explicit nil
### GetDate

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetDate() time.Time`

GetDate returns the Date field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDateOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetDateOk returns a tuple with the Date field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDate

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetDate(v time.Time)`

SetDate sets Date field to given value.

### HasDate

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasDate() bool`

HasDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDateNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetDateNil(b bool)`

 SetDateNil sets the value for Date to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDate
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetDate()`

UnsetDate ensures that no value is present for Date, not even an explicit nil
### GetNetAssets

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetNetAssets() float32`

GetNetAssets returns the NetAssets field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNetAssetsOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetNetAssetsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetNetAssetsOk returns a tuple with the NetAssets field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNetAssets

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetNetAssets(v float32)`

SetNetAssets sets NetAssets field to given value.

### HasNetAssets

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasNetAssets() bool`

HasNetAssets returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNetAssetsNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetNetAssetsNil(b bool)`

 SetNetAssetsNil sets the value for NetAssets to be an explicit nil

### UnsetNetAssets
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetNetAssets()`

UnsetNetAssets ensures that no value is present for NetAssets, not even an explicit nil
### GetAssets

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetAssets() []ReportItem`

GetAssets returns the Assets field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssetsOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetAssetsOk() (*[]ReportItem, bool)`

GetAssetsOk returns a tuple with the Assets field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssets

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetAssets(v []ReportItem)`

SetAssets sets Assets field to given value.

### HasAssets

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasAssets() bool`

HasAssets returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLiabilities

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetLiabilities() []ReportItem`

GetLiabilities returns the Liabilities field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLiabilitiesOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetLiabilitiesOk() (*[]ReportItem, bool)`

GetLiabilitiesOk returns a tuple with the Liabilities field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLiabilities

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetLiabilities(v []ReportItem)`

SetLiabilities sets Liabilities field to given value.

### HasLiabilities

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasLiabilities() bool`

HasLiabilities returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEquity

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetEquity() []ReportItem`

GetEquity returns the Equity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEquityOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetEquityOk() (*[]ReportItem, bool)`

GetEquityOk returns a tuple with the Equity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEquity

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetEquity(v []ReportItem)`

SetEquity sets Equity field to given value.

### HasEquity

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasEquity() bool`

HasEquity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRemoteGeneratedAt

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteGeneratedAt() time.Time`

GetRemoteGeneratedAt returns the RemoteGeneratedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRemoteGeneratedAtOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteGeneratedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetRemoteGeneratedAtOk returns a tuple with the RemoteGeneratedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRemoteGeneratedAt

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteGeneratedAt(v time.Time)`

SetRemoteGeneratedAt sets RemoteGeneratedAt field to given value.

### HasRemoteGeneratedAt

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasRemoteGeneratedAt() bool`

HasRemoteGeneratedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRemoteGeneratedAtNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteGeneratedAtNil(b bool)`

 SetRemoteGeneratedAtNil sets the value for RemoteGeneratedAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRemoteGeneratedAt
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetRemoteGeneratedAt()`

UnsetRemoteGeneratedAt ensures that no value is present for RemoteGeneratedAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetRemoteWasDeleted

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteWasDeleted() bool`

GetRemoteWasDeleted returns the RemoteWasDeleted field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRemoteWasDeletedOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetRemoteWasDeletedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRemoteWasDeletedOk returns a tuple with the RemoteWasDeleted field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRemoteWasDeleted

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetRemoteWasDeleted(v bool)`

SetRemoteWasDeleted sets RemoteWasDeleted field to given value.

### HasRemoteWasDeleted

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasRemoteWasDeleted() bool`

HasRemoteWasDeleted returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFieldMappings

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetFieldMappings() map[string]interface{}`

GetFieldMappings returns the FieldMappings field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFieldMappingsOk

`func (o *BalanceSheet) GetFieldMappingsOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetFieldMappingsOk returns a tuple with the FieldMappings field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFieldMappings

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetFieldMappings(v map[string]interface{})`

SetFieldMappings sets FieldMappings field to given value.

### HasFieldMappings

`func (o *BalanceSheet) HasFieldMappings() bool`

HasFieldMappings returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFieldMappingsNil

`func (o *BalanceSheet) SetFieldMappingsNil(b bool)`

 SetFieldMappingsNil sets the value for FieldMappings to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFieldMappings
`func (o *BalanceSheet) UnsetFieldMappings()`

UnsetFieldMappings ensures that no value is present for FieldMappings, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


